2 BANISH THE DAEMON

The great Wizards of the Empire have scried out a powerful, brooding power that is growing below the ancient Dwarf hold of Karak Azgal. As yet, they believe the presence to be relatively weak, and therefore probably bound to some material artefact such as a statue while it gathers strength.

Although they do not know its purpose, they suspect that it may be a lesser daemon of the Chaos Powers, trapped in the rocks below the earth in ages past, and freed by the incessant digging of the Goblins and Orcs as they search for the lost treasure of the Dwarfs who once inhabited the city. The truth is that the daemon has escaped the prison of rock that held it for so long, and is now resident in a statue of a great fire dragon in an ancient temple (the firechasm). Soon it will fully awaken, and walk the world once more. The Wizards have employed the Warriors to destroy the daemon and ensure that this never happens.

SPECIAL RULES
Each Warrior has been given a magic sword, be used once. These blades are the only can damage the daemon. Against other magic swords will hit automatically, and kill wielder attacks.

which can only weapons that Monsters, the whatever their

THE FIRECHASM
To determine the Monsters that are guarding the firechasm, roll once on the Objective Room Monster Table.

The magic swords that the Warriors have been given are the only things that will kill the daemon. To destroy the daemon, the Warriors must simply stand next to the stone dragon at the far end of the firechasm and strike it. For each blow made by one of the swords on the dragon roll 1D6. On a score of 5 or 6, the dragon and the daemon are destroyed. After one blow, each sword is destroyed. 

If the Warriors kill the daemon, the adventure is over. The Warriors are rewarded with 1D6 x 100 gold each for their part in the adventure.

If the daemon is not killed, it becomes enraged by the Warriors’ puny attacks and animates the statue. Each Warrior suffers 4D6 Wounds, modified for Toughness and armour, as the dragon breathes fiery, superheated liquid over them.

Fortunately, the gouts of flame scorch an ancient tapestry hanging on one of the walls, revealing a passageway leading out to daylight. The Warriors may have failed in their quest, but at least any survivors can make good their escape without further harm.

If the Warriors decide to stay and fight the dragon they will be killed, as only the magic swords had any effect on it, and it is simply a matter of time before they are burnt to a crisp. However, the daemon’s efforts to animate the dragon have sapped its strength, so the Empire’s leaders might just have enough time to mount a second expedition before it rouses to full power...
