5 RETURN THE DRAGON’S EYE

Centuries ago, the great Dwarf hold of Karak Azgal fell to rampaging Orc hordes. In the last days before the city fell, the Dwarf smiths and forgemasters of the realm gathered together under their Lords’ directions.

Their aim was to bind a dragon to the city to smite down its foes, and thus they built a great statue in a cavern far underground to act as a magical focus. The Dwarfs put a great deal of their power into their labours, and the majority of it went into the two great gems that served as the dragon’s eyes. A great dispute raged for years to decide who owned these precious gems, as two rival Dwarf Lords each claimed to be the rightful owner. The grudge went back and forth for many years, and so did the gems as they were wrested from one clan to the other. Placing them in the position of honour
in the statue was seen as one way of settling the dispute forever. 

It was not to be, however, as one of the embittered Dwarfs crept into the chamber before the ceremony and stole one of the dragon’s eyes. Shortly after, Karak Azgal fell to the Orcs and the unbound dragon arrived. The Dwarfs made good their escape, leaving the once glorious city to the dark, brooding presence of the great beast and the Orc intruders.

The dragon has since been slain by a great Dwarf hero, but the city itself has never been cleared of the Orcs and Goblins who now rule its gloomy caverns. The Dwarfs blame this misfortune on the theft of the gem, and legend tells that Karak Azgal is cursed unless the gem is replaced.

Now the gem has been found, and the guardian and self appointed ruler-in-exile of the city has given the Warriors permission to try and return the stone, as long as they agree to give him half of whatever treasure they find on the way.

THE FIRECHASM
The Dwarf must carry the gem and put it back into the dragon’s eye socket. To put the gem back, he has to stand in a square adjacent to the dragon’s head. If the Dwarf is killed, the Warriors fail by default.

When the Warriors enter the firechasm, roll on the Objective Room Monster Table to determine what is in the room. These Monsters must be killed before the gem can be placed back in the dragon’s eye socket.

If the gem is successfully replaced, a trapdoor opens in the plinth that the statue sits on. Inside are the remains of the dragon’s hoard - 3D6 x 100 gold for each Warrior, of which half must be given up, as agreed!
