4 DAEMON SUMMONING

The Middle Mountains lie deep within the forests of the Empire, and are a wild and dangerous place. Although the Orcs, Goblins and other evil creatures that live in the mountain caves are a great hazard to travellers, in the past they have not been considered to be numerous or organised enough to threaten the security of the Empire itself. 

Now, however, a threat from one of their number has arisen, and must be eradicated quickly, or all manner of disasters will befall the Empire. A Skaven Warlord has discovered an ancient temple deep below the mountains, and within it a lifelike effigy of a mighty daemon that could summon the beast itself.

The Skaven Warlord and his minions are doing their utmost to summon the daemon, believing they can bind it to do their will using braziers of burning warpstone.

The Empire’s Battle Wizards have scried something of this threat, and the Warriors have been dispatched with great haste to prevent the daemon being summoned.

To stop the Skaven’s evil work, the Wizard has been given a Scroll of Banishment by the head Wizards of the Empire. This ancient parchment must be guarded well, for it is the only thing that can stop the daemon being summoned. 

THE IDOL CHAMBER
The idol chamber is guarded by 12 Skaven. All but one of the Skaven are placed according to the normal rules. The final Skaven should be placed on the plinth, next to the brazier. This Skaven will stay on this spot unless attacked by a Warrior, as he is to act as the channel for the daemon’s soul and must be near the idol to complete the summoning. 

The Warriors have 1D6 turns to kill all the Skaven, starting from the turn they enter the room. Once all the Skaven are dead, the Wizard may read aloud the Scroll of Banishment. As he does so, an anguished roar fills the air. The summoning is thwarted and the statue is destroyed in a great fire column that leaps up to the ceiling of the temple.

If they do not thwart the summoning in time, in the Monsters’ Phase of the final turn the daemon wakes and possesses the Skaven nearest to the statue. In the space of a few seconds the Skaven grows and changes, taking on the form of a mighty bull-headed man - a Minotaur. 

The Daemon Minotaur is similar to the Minotaur in the Rule Book, except it has 20 Wounds and 3 Attacks. It will attack the Warriors just as if it were a normal Monster. If the Warriors kill the Daemon Minotaur, it bursts into flames and creates a fire column that shoots up to the roof of the cavern. 

The mighty column of fire that hits the roof, whether created by the statue or the Minotaur exploding, creates a near vertical tunnel to the outside world. Although this takes some climbing, the Warriors eventually emerge into the daylight. Upon their return to the Empire, they are rewarded with 1D6 x 150 gold each for their part in this great adventure.

