4 BLOOD DEBT

The Warriors must repay a debt that they incurred in an earlier adventure. The Wizard Vestigkalass rescued them from certain death in the dungeons below Crookback Mountain some months ago, in exchange for 10 years of their memories, which he has stored in a cursed mirror.

The only way the Warriors can regain those memories is to pay him 2,000 gold, or kill the pets of his arch rival, the evil Sorcerer Grachnach. The only problems for the Warriors are that they don’t have 2.000 gold with which to pay the ransom, and that Grachnach’s ‘pets’ are two blood-crazed Minotaurs...

Grachnach lives in a carefully concealed labyrinth close to Mad Dog Pass, and is away on some evil errand at the moment. Now is the time for the Warriors to strike!

SPECIAL RULES
The Warriors’ main objective is to enter the dungeon and kill Grachnach’s Minotaurs, who are kept chained up in the fighting pit. Of course, if they find treasure totalling over 2.000 gold between them en route, they may leave immediately and pay the ransom instead.

To complicate matters, while the Warriors are in the dungeon there is a chance that Grachnach will catch them. Every time an Unexpected Event that reveals monsters occurs, roll 1D6. If you score a 1 or 2, Grachnach has returned!

Grachnach has been scouring the mountains for Monsters to join his warband, and has returned with his new followers. He will not fight the Warriors himself, preferring to send his servants to crush them while he waits a safe distance away. Roll on the Objective Room Monster Table to determine what Grachnach has recruited. Place them on the board along with the Monsters generated by the Unexpected Event. This event only happens once, as Grachnach
can only return once!

Of course, even if the Warriors beat off this attack they must still complete the adventure, unless they have 2.000 gold to pay Vestigkalass.

THE FIGHTING PIT
When the Warriors reach the objective room do not roll on the Objective Room Monster Table, as the following rules apply.

When the Warriors enter the objective room place the two Minotaurs in any squares in the pit. The Minotaurs will not climb out of the pit unless attacked by a Warrior with missile weapons or magic. The Minotaurs will attack in the Monsters’ Phase as normal. See the Rule Book for the Minotaurs’ profile.

Once the Minotaurs are defeated, the Warriors may escape through the trapdoor at the bottom of the fighting pit. On their return Vestigkalass gives them their memories back, as promised. The only problem is, he isn’t sure whose memories are whose. Each player should take a Warrior Counter to see which l0-year chunk of memories his Warrior regains. While this hasn’t any effect on the game itself, it is rather amusing!
