1 CLEARWATER

In the south of the Empire lies Bugman’s Brewery, where the Dwarf brewers create the finest beers in the Warhammer World.

Always striving for perfection in his brews, Bugman has heard of a dried-up fountain that used to be the source of the purest water in the world, and purer water makes better beer...

The story is that a potion of dizzying power must be poured into the fountain - a whole barrelful - if the waters are ever to flow again. 

The only powerful dizzying potion available in barrels that Bugman can think of is a cask of his precious Bugman’s XXXXXX Superbrew If only he could find the fountain and start it his good fortune would be ensured.

The legend tells that the fountain lies in the caves of the Black Mountains, somewhere between Karak Him and Black Fire Pass. The Lord of Karak Him knows a cave system within the borders of his realm that fits the description, and has agreed to let four Warriors search for the fountain as long as he gets a free supply of the resulting beer.

Of course, the cave system is not actually part of the city of Karak Him, more a long abandoned labyrinth now populated by all manner of evil beasts.

SPECIAL RULES
Nominate one of the Warriors to carry the cask of beer. The chosen Warrior’s Movement is reduced by 1 square per turn while carrying it.

There is plenty of beer in the barrel and, if they wish, each Warrior can drink from it. If each Warrior drinks from it more than once, however, there will not be enough left to activate the fountain.

Any Warrior who drinks from the barrel must roll a dice:

1-2 The Warrior falls senseless to the floor for the rest of the turn, and everyone in the room thinks him dead. However, at the start of the next turn he awakens healed by 1D6 Wounds, albeit with a very sore head! 
3 The Warrior is at -1 Weapon Skill, -1 Movement and +1 Attacks for the rest of the adventure due to the fiery effects of the ale. Note this down on his Adventure Record sheet.
4 The Warrior is at -i Weapon Skill and +1 Attacks for the rest of the adventure due to the fiery effects of the ale. Note this down on his Adventure Record sheet.
5 The brew restores the Warrior’s constitution, healing 1D6+1 Wounds.
6 The brew courses through the Warrior’s veins, restoring him to full Wounds.

THE FOUNTAIN ROOM
Roll on the Objective Room Monster Table to determine what Monsters the fountain room contains. When they are defeated, the Warrior carrying the barrel may pour it into the fountain, at which point fresh waters spring forth, the dearest ever seen.

The adventure is now over, and the Warriors may make their way out of the dungeon via a passageway to the surface, back to Bugman’s Brewery to report the good news.

Each Warrior receives 1D6 x 20 gold, plus a 2% royalty on all sales of Bugman’s Freshbrew XI, the new beer made using the fountain water! 
