3 THE WATERS OF FATE

The Emperor’s Wizards tell him that the mystical signs warn of an imminent invasion, but they can see no further than this, as dark powers cloud their vision. They have no idea if the assault will come from the Chaos Wastes of the far North, from the Orcs of the Dark Lands to the East, or from some other unsuspected quarter. 

The most aged Wizard Lord of the Celestial college suggests that the answer lies in a magical pool - the Fountain of Fate which holds the secrets of all things. While the Empire prepares all its borders for war, a party of four brave Warriors is gathered to search for the fountain, reputed to be found somewhere below the Middle Mountains.

SPECIAL RULES
This is a two-part adventure: the first part is to find the fountain, the second is to return once more to the surface, and to safety.

THE FOUNTAIN ROOM
Roll on the Objective Room Monster Table to determine what Monsters the fountain room contains.

Once the Monsters are defeated, the Warriors may look into the fountain. While there are Monsters alive in the fountain room a magical aura prevents the fountain from operating. Each Warrior may look into the fountain once and once only, and must be standing in a square adjacent to it to do so. When a Warrior looks into the fountain, roll 1D6. On a 1, 2 or 3, nothing is revealed. On a 4, 5 or 6, the fountain shimmers and shows Orc and Goblin armies massing in the Worlds Edge Mountains - this is where the attack will come from!

Each Warrior may also drink once from the fountain. Roll 1D6 on the following table;

1 The waters burn the Warrior from the inside, shrivelling his innards to a crisp. With an anguished shriek he falls down dead!
2-6 The waters heal the Warrior back up to full Wounds and, if he is the Wizard, restore him to his original quota of Power Tokens. 

THE ESCAPE
As soon as the last Warrior who wishes to has looked into the fountain, a door creaks open in the far wall. The Warriors must escape through this door and fight their way to freedom.

Take another 1D6+2 Dungeon Cards and create a new Dungeon Deck. These are the rooms the Warriors must get through before they reach the surface.

Use them just like the normal Dungeon Deck, exploring beyond the new doorway in the fountain room just as you would any other, turning over the top Dungeon Card to see what lies beyond. 

When the Warriors reach the final room or corridor, they notice light shining in from a hole in the roof. With a great deal of effort, they scramble up and escape through the hole, returning to the Emperor in time to warn him of the impending attack.

If they discover the source of the impending attack, the Warriors are richly rewarded upon their return, gaining 2D6 x 100 gold each. If they don’t, they get nothing. 

