4 THE SWORD OF TRUE KINGSHIP

It is claimed that an ancient sword holds the secret of the kingship of one of the small realms of the Border Princes. When immersed in water of unparalleled purity, it is said that it reveals the name of the true king of the realm. Unfortunately, no water save that of the legendary Fountain of Light is pure enough to cause the sword to reveal the name. The four Warriors must therefore take the sword and journey to the Middle Mountains to find the fountain. Once there, they can determine which of the three princes who claim the kingship - Bardin, Rudin and Gredin - is the rightful heir.

SPECIAL RULES
Before the Warriors embark on the adventure, each player must secretly choose the prince whom they believe to be the true king and write his name down on their Adventure Record sheet.

Nominate one Warrior to carry the sword. If the Warrior decides to wield it in combat rather than his own weapon, it causes 1 extra Wound when it hits.

THE FOUNTAIN ROOM
Roll on the Objective Room Monster Table to determine what Monsters the fountain room contains.

Once the Monsters are defeated, the Warriors may put the sword in the fountain, at which point the name of the true king is magically
engraved in its blade. Roll a dice

1-2 Bardin
3-4 Rudin
5-6 Credin

As the sword is plunged into the waters, revealing the name, there is an earth-shattering roar and the ceiling of the chamber begins to collapse inwards.

Each player must roll 1D6 and add his Warrior’s Initiative to the score. If the total is 7 or more, the Warrior manages to avoid the falling rubble. If the total is less than 7, the Warrior takes 3D6 Wounds, modified by Toughness and armour. As the dust clears, light pours into the chamber revealing a route to the outside world. The Warriors may now return to crown the new king!

Warriors that chose the correct prince get 500 gold for supporting the new monarch and helping him to his rightful throne. Warriors that chose to support the wrong prince get 1D6 x 30 gold for their part in the adventure.
