1 THE BEAST

Captured by the Goblin Warlord Ugrul Headsticka while exploring the ruins of Karak Azgal, the Warriors have been given a chance to escape and, in the process, provide entertainment for the Goblins. The Warriors must fight their way to freedom without weapons or armour! And as if that were not enough, their only way out is through the Minotaurs’ lair.

SPECIAL RULES
The Warriors start this dungeon stripped of any armour and weapons they may have, and must fight with their bare hands. 

No Armour
While they are without armour the Warriors may only deduct their Toughness from any blows that hit them.

No Weapons
The Warriors start with no weapons at all (even missile weapons), and must therefore fight in hand-to-hand combat using their fists While fighting unarmed, each Warrior does 1D6 Wounds when he hits, with no modifiers for Strength.

Events
When the first Monster Event Card is triggered, the Warriors notice that their assailants are carrying (but not using) their weapons! If the Warriors kill all these monsters, they may retrieve their weapons.

When the second Event Card that reveals Monsters is triggered, the Warriors see that their assailants are guarding their armour. If the Warriors kill all these monsters, they may retrieve their armour.

THE FIGHTING PIT
When the Warriors reach the objective room do not roll on the Objective Room Monster Table, as the following special rules apply.

The only way for the Warriors to escape the dungeon is through the trapdoor at the bottom of the fighting pit. However, the fighting pit has had a powerful curse laid upon it, and for every Warrior, up to a total of three, who jumps into the pit, a Minotaur appears next to him and will fight him to the death. As soon as a Warrior is placed in one of the fighting pit squares, place a Minotaur model in any adjacent square in the pit. The Minotaurs will attack in the Monsters’ Phase as normal. See the Rule Book for the Minotaur’s profile, etc.

If all four of the Warriors jump into the pit use the rule of One-on-One to determine which Warriors the three Minotaurs attack. Any Warriors that stay out of the fighting pit may help defeat the Minotaurs if they can - by firing bows, etc. - without causing another Minotaur to appear. When the first Minotaur is killed, it and all the other Minotaurs who magically appeared immediately vanish and the combat is over. 

Once the Warriors defeat the Minotaurs, they each find one item of treasure in the bottom of the pit. Clutching their new-found wealth, the Warriors may now escape the dungeon through the trapdoor at the bottom of the fighting pit.
