4 THE HERO AWAKENS

To the north of the Empire, bordering on the Northern Wastes and Troll Country, lies the frozen land of Kislev. Beset by the rampaging hordes of Chaos, Kislev is teetering on the brink of destruction, and its people are losing heart as they suffer defeat after defeat. To the south, their Empire allies are under attack from massed armies of Orcs and Goblins, and can send little aid. Kislev needs a hero to lead them out of this time of darkness, to bring fire back to cold hearts and determination to lift battered spirits. 

The Ice Queen of Kislev knows a legend of just such a hero, but he passed from the land centuries ago. Reputed to be a descendant of Sigmar himself, Heinrich Sigmasson led a glorious campaign against the Chaos hordes in years past, driving them back beyond the mountains of the Northern Wastes.

At the final battle, however, he suffered a mortal wound, and was buried in a tomb somewhere in the far off mountains. But even on his death bed he promised to return if Kislev was once again threatened by the Chaos hordes. The Ice Queen has asked the Warriors to journey into the mountains and reawaken Heinrich so that he can keep his promise. 

SPECIAL RULES
Before the Warriors depart, the Ice Queen gives the Wizard a shard of glass that she believes will help awaken Heinrich. The shard contains 1D6+2 Power Tokens (roll at the start of the adventure to see how much power the shard contains). The shard may be used at any time to augment the Wizard’s spell casting.

THE TOMB CHAMBER
Roll on the Objective Room Monster Table to determine what Monsters the tomb chamber contains.

Once the Monsters are defeated, the Warriors may try to awaken Heinrich. Looking inside the tomb, his body is perfectly preserved, and it appears as if he is asleep rather than dead.

Heinrich can only be awakened by the Wizard as he has been put to sleep by powerful magic. The Wizard has one chance to wake him, during the first Warriors’ Phase after all the Monsters in the room are dead.

To awaken Heinrich, the Wizard must expend great magical energy and break the enchantments binding Heinrich. Roll 1D6 and add all the Power Points left in the shard of glass, plus any Power Points and Power Tokens that the Wizard has left to the result. If the total is 12 or more, the spell is broken and Heinrich awakens. If the total is less than 12, Heinrich’s body crumbles to dust - the Warriors have failed in their quest. 

If the Warriors succeed, Heinrich will lead them back to Kislev via a concealed door at the rear of the tomb chamber. The Warriors are rewarded with 1D6 x 50 gold each.

If the Warriors fail, they are lucky to escape with their lives, and Kislev will have to win the war against Chaos unaided! 
