6 PRESERVE THE FIRES

The magical flames of the Dwarf temple, the Firechasm, are in danger of being extinguished by the foul Skaven who now occupy the ancient Dwarf city of Karak Azgal. They plan to fill the entire chasm with debris, hoping to stem the magma flow and cause a pressure build up deep underground. Even now, their engineers are channelling tunnels to send the diverted magma spurting into the areas of the city occupied by Orcs and other creatures, as well as hopefully burying the Dwarf fortress occupied by Kargun Skalfson that sits at the entrance to Karak Azgal. 

If the Skaven succeed, there is a good chance that the ancient Dwarf citadel will be sealed off forever, leaving them free to search for the lost Dwarf treasure hoards rumoured to lie in its deepest halls. 

Spies have reported this fiendish plan to the Emperor and his Dwarf allies, who are now mounting a frontal assault on Karak Azgal. In reality though, this is simply a cover. They know that the only hope of thwarting the Skaven’s plan lies with small bands of brave Warriors who must steal unseen into the heart of the Skaven area of the city, and kill the engineers who are setting the plot in motion. Other bands of Warriors will attempt to block the  tunnels created by the Skaven to channel the magma. Your band of Warriors has been chosen to stop the damming of the firechasm itself. 

THE FIRECHASM
When the Warriors enter the firechasm, do not roll on the Objective Room Monster Table. Instead, the firechasm room is guarded by 1D6+6 Skaven warriors. Place all but one according to the normal rules for setting up Monsters. The other Skaven should be placed on the far side of the chasm, next to the dragon statue. He is the head Skaven engineer, and mastermind of the foul plot. 

As soon as the Warriors enter the firechasm roll 2D6. The Warriors have this number of turns in which to kill the guards, get across the chasm and kill the engineer. 

If the Warriors succeed, they may escape through a secret tunnel at the back of the chamber, and are rewarded with 1D6 x 50 gold each. 

If they fail to kill the engineer in time, roll 1D6 on the following table: 

1-2 The engineer operates a steel lever, and tons of debris plunge into the magma pool. Such is the force of the resulting explosion that all the Warriors and Skaven are killed. The Warriors have failed! The future of Karak Azgal now lies in the hands of the other teams of Warriors. Let’s hope they fare better!

3-6 Tons of debris crash into the firechasm, blocking it completely. The engineer squeaks out his triumph, and the Warriors realise that they have failed utterly. Making good their escape, the Warriors rapidly manage to escape through a small passageway to the outside world, from where they can put as much distance between themselves and the imminent eruption.

5-6 The engineer operates the lever to drop tons of debris into the chasm, and it snaps off in his paws! The Warriors have another 1D6 turns in which to kill him as he fixes the lever. If he is not dead by then, roll on this table again. 

