4 DE5TROY THE BRIDGE

The Warriors are being pursued through the Worlds Edge Mountains, via tunnels deep below ground, by the inhabitants of the dark under-realms. With them, the Warriors have the long-lost crown of the ancient Dwarf Kings of Mount Silverspear (now known as Mount Grimfang), which has been retrieved from the evil creatures that stole it. The Warriors have a final obstacle to overcome before they reach safety. The dangerous route that they follow leads to the firechasm, across which lies a slender bridge. If they can cross the bridge and destroy it before their pursuers arrive in great numbers, they will gain precious time and will probably escape from the mountains alive. If not, they will surely perish as the evil hordes overwhelm them.

THE FIRECHASM
When the Warriors reach the firechasm, they must fight whatever Monsters are there before crossing the bridge. To determine what is in the room, roll once on the Objective Room Monster Table.

Once the Warriors have crossed the bridge, they must break it to prevent pursuit. Any Warrior who is in the square at the end of the bridge, directly between the ropes that hold it up, may attempt to destroy the bridge during the Warriors’ Phase instead of making an attack. Roll 1D6 and add the Warrior’s Strength to the score. If the total is 8 or over, the bridge is destroyed. 

At the start of each turn in which the bridge is not destroyed, take an Event Card (in addition to any Unexpected Events that occur). Any Monsters that are generated by these Event Cards must be placed on the side of the chasm next to the door, as they represent the Monsters who are pursuing the Warriors through the dungeon. If a Minotaur appears, it may leap the chasm without using the bridge, taking two squares of its Movement to do so. Once the bridge is destroyed, the Warriors may escape through a small tunnel to the rear of the cave, behind the dragon statue. 

At the end of the adventure, each surviving Warrior is rewarded with 1D6 x 50 gold. 
