2 THE SWORD OF THE DEATHKING

The Fortress of Vorag lies beyond the Badlands, on the Plain of Bone. It was from this proud, cruel citadel that Ashkral Deathking, a follower of the all-powerful Necromancer Nagash, ruled many centuries ago. Endless legions of the dead strode to battle at his command, and the living fell before their unearthly might.

When Ashkral was overthrown by the Orc Warlord Morak Bloodcrusher, the dying Necromancer swore that he would one day return. His shattered body was taken by his acolytes to a secret place deep beneath Cripple Peak, on the shores of the Sour Sea. 

However, the Deathking was not truly dead, he was merely in a state of limbo between this life and the next. The only weapon said to be truly able to kill the Deathking was the sword he himself had wielded. This was to be buried with him so that it could not fulfil its destiny, and so that he could wield the powerful blade when he arose from beyond the grave.

Unfortunately, on the way to his tomb, the acolytes carrying the sword were ambushed and killed. With his last burst of energy, before he passed over to meet his master, the head acolyte hurled the sword into the Sour Sea, screaming that it would never be seen again until the Deathking stirred once more.

Since then, there have been great upheavals in the land, both politically and physically. The nearby volcano, Karag Haraz, has erupted many times in the years since the Deathking’s defeat, spewing lava and magma across the region and causing the earth to tremble and shift. Over the years the citadel has been reduced to rubble and the Deathking’s story has passed into legend.

However, after the most recent eruption an ancient sword was thrown up onto the surface, and the entrance to a long sealed dungeon revealed. The myth of the Deathking, so long regarded as nothing more than a story, looked to be possible!

The Warriors have been summoned to take the sword and enter the newly-opened dungeon, there to find and slay the Deathking once and for all before he rises from his grave.

SPECIAL RULES
Nominate one of the Warriors to carry the sword. If used in combat, the blade causes +1D6 Wounds on a successful attack, but automatically strikes an adjacent Warrior if the to hit roll is an unmodified 1. 

THE TOMB CHAMBER
Roll on the Objective Room Monster Table to determine what Monsters the tomb chamber contains. 

Once the Monsters are defeated, the Warriors may lift the tomb and slay the Deathking. Although he is still weak, he will try to stop them. His willpower crackles in the air, rooting the Warriors to the spot. His voice echoes in the darkness, challenging the puny mortals who have come to slay him to a battle of wills to determine the victor.

Before they can kill him, the Warriors must overcome this powerful magic. Roll 1D6 for each Warrior taking part in the battle. If the combined score is 13 or more, the curse is broken and the Deathking can be slain. If the total is less than 13, the Warriors’ minds are broken by the power of the Necromancer, and they become mindless thralls of the Deathking, the first to swell the ranks of his army.

In the tomb is 1D6 x 100 gold, to be shared equally amongst the Warriors. Once the dungeon is finished, the Warriors may safely make their way to freedom, having slain all the monsters in the dungeon. 
