3 RETURN THE CROWN

Between the Dwarf hold of Karak Izor and the Dwarf Sea Fortress of Barak Varr lies a small realm, a border principality known as Heldegrad. Normally allied to the cause of the Dwarfs, the rulers of this small state have been thrown into turmoil by the discovery of the ancient and long-lost tomb of their ancestor-Kings, renowned to contain the true crown of the realm. This labyrinthine burial ground lies near Karak Izor, and the king demands that the crown of his forefathers is returned to him by the Dwarfs or he will shut down all the trade routes from Barak Varr to Karak Izor. Not wishing to plunge the longstanding allies into bloodshed, and acknowledging the king’s right to the ancient crown, the Dwarf Lord of Karak Izor has allowed the Warriors to descend into the long-forgotten tunnels in search of the ancient relic. 

SPECIAL RULES
In the first dungeon room that the Warriors enter there is an ancient chest, locked and chained to the ground. Once they have resolved the Event Card for this room, the Warriors may examine it. The chest bears the heraldic crest of Heldegrad on its lid, and obviously contains the crown. 

Unfortunately, it cannot be opened or shifted, even using magic. To open it the Warriors must find the key that lies elsewhere in the dungeon and return here with it. Put the Dungeon Card for this room to one side to remind yourself where the chest is.

THE TOMB CHAMBER
Roll on the Objective Room Monster Table to determine what Monsters the tomb chamber contains.

Once the Monsters are defeated, the Warriors may search the chamber, whereupon they find a key in a small alcove in the side of the tomb. This key will open the chest in the first dungeon room. 

The Warriors must return to the chest, turn by turn, testing for Unexpected Events in the Power Phase as usual. Any dungeon rooms that they pass through for a second time do not trigger new Event Cards. The chest contains the crown, which may now be returned to Heldegrad. Once the crown is returned, each Warrior gets one Treasure Card as reward for his part in the adventure.

