- ESCAPING

Sometimes the Warriors might find themselves in a situation that can only mean certain death for them all.

In these cases, it is best that the party abandons its adventure and heads for the safety of the surface as quickly as possible. 

At any time during the adventure. any player may deride that his Warrior has had enough, and can try to escape from the dungeon. If the Warrior carrying the lantern decides to leave the dungeon prematurely he either has to give the lantern to the other Warriors, or they all have to go with him. 

If your Warrior takes flight and tries to escape from the dungeon. roll 2D6 on the following table:

2 Within ten yards your Warrior is engulfed by blackness and falls down a bottomless pit to his death

3-4 Your Warrior trips up in me first doorway and falls flat an his face Place the Warrior face down in one of the squares adjacent to the entrance doorway on the same board section as he started The Warrior wastes an entire turn getting back up. and may then stay or try to flee again While prone. he may be hit automatically. 

5-7 Your Warner vanishes into the depths after what seems like an eternity of wandering through twisty caves and tunnels, he sees a light in the distance and rushes headlong towards its welcoming glow. He has lost half of his gold, and has suffered 2D6 wounds, modified for Toughness and armour. at the hands of the dungeon’s denizens. If he does not have that many Wounds left. he is dead! If he survives and the rest of the Warriors are still alive, wait far three turns then place your Warrior anywhere on the same board section as the leader. Your Warrior has been round in a great circle. and the light he saw came from the lantern the others are carrying. If he survives and the rest of the Warriors are dead, or if all the surviving Warriors are fleeing with your Warrior he emerges at a dimly-lit junction. Roll again on this table to see exactly where your Warrior ends up, adding +1 to the dice roll every rime you have to re-roll. 

8-9 The way to freedom is a bitter struggle against what seems like hundreds of Orcs and Goblins. Your Warrior loses 2D6 Wounds. modified for Toughness and armour. If he does not have that many Wounds left he is dead. If he survives, he manages to fight his way out, bleeding from a dozen injuries. He has escaped! 

10 Lost for hours. your Warrior eventually finds his way out to the surface and freedom Unfortunately the exit is through a very small tunnel, and he must leave one item of treasure and half his gold behind 

11 After a few nasty encounters., your Warrior manages to escape. However he is attacked on the way, and suffers 1D6 Wounds, with no deductions for Toughness or armour. If he does not have that many Wounds left, he is dead! 

12 With unerring accuracy your warrior retraces his steps and finds the entrance with no problem, circumnavigating any problems he encounters on the way
