INTRODUCTION

Warhammer Quest is the game of adventure in the Warhammer World. You take the part of a heroic Warrior as you set out on the road to immeasurable power and riches. Your adventures will take you deep into the dark dungeons of the Worlds Edge Mountains, down tunnels filled with terror and danger, hopefully to find lost treasure, hoards of gold and lasting fame. 

It is a time of battle and magic, where Wizards and Warriors must fight for survival against implacable foes. It is also an age of adventure, where fame and fabulous wealth lie waiting for those brave enough to seek them.

In Warhammer Quest each player takes the role of a warrior, one of four brave adventurers willing to test their courage in the search for wealth and glory. Each hero comes from a different people. The Barbarian has travelled far from the savage north, a land of bitter cold and ferocious warriors. The Wizard hails from the cities of the Empire, the largest and most important of the realms of men. The Dwarf is drawn by the goldlust for which his race is famous. Dwarfs are grim and rather abrupt, but they are good fighters and loyal friends who remember debts of gratitude as readily as debts of coin. The Elf comes from the green woods of Loren where his kin spend their days hunting and making merry, protected from evil by the strange magic of their land. Elves are incredibly quick and agile, and they are also the best archers in the world.

The four Warriors are ready to begin their adventures. Like all treasure hunters they are inspired by tales of fabulous riches beneath the Worlds Edge Mountains: dragon hoards, age-old temples crammed with treasures, lost silver mines, and the gold of forgotten tombs.

The bleak mountains are riddled with passageways, stairs, caverns and tunnels leading deep beneath the earth. All these underground passageways are known as dungeons. Many were built by the Dwarfs long ago, before the Goblins attacked and destroyed the oldest and most famous Dwarf holds. The Dwarfs bitterly record the tale of their loss in a weighty tome called the Great Book of Grudges, said to be written in the blood of Dwarf kings.

Not all the dungeons are old Dwarf works. Some are the squalid delvings of Goblins, malicious creatures whose narrow and often unstable tunnels extend throughout the mountains. Deeper still can be found the burrows of the Skaven, vile mutant ratmen whose scratchings undermine the entire world from coast to coast. 

In the Warhammer Quest game the players enter a dark and forbidding dungeon. Together they must face the horrific dangers that wait for them. They will be attacked by monsters such as Orcs, Goblins, Skaven and Minotaurs. Other perils lurk in the darkness: scurrying venomous things like spiders, deadly pit traps, and decayed tunnels that cave in at the slightest touch. If they complete their quest the players will be rewarded with gold, treasure and artefacts of magical power. The more gold and treasure you can discover the better.., and the player whose warrior amasses the greatest fortune has done best of all! 
