It had seemed a safe bet at the time harmless wager that might actually earn them some money. But it must have been the ale talking that night in the Drum And Monkey tavern in Altdorf. They had been full of bravado then, all of them, and had bravely accepted the: stranger's quest, just as they had accepted the free drinks all night. All they had to do was track down-a warband of Orcs who had stolen his magical amulet, and return it to him in Altdorf. He'd go himself, the stranger said, but he had ether, more pressing tasks. And the generous down payment in hard coinage had been a sound argument for accepting the challenge.

But that was weeks ago, before the trail of the Orcs had gone cold, and the cutting winds and endless rainstorms of the Worlds Edge Mountains had chilled the Warriors to the bone. In this inhospitable region the air was forever damp, and everything was soaked by the incessant fine drizzle.

When Galahern the Elf had spotted the black slash of the cave mouth In the mountain side, the Warriors were overjoyed at the thought of at least escaping the rain for a while.

As they trudged towards the cave, stamping their way through the sodden bracken, Wilheim Xavier, the Wizard of the parry, pointed out the unmistakable marks of iron-shed Ore feet leading into the gaping maw. He raised his fingers and muttered a strange invocation. Within moments the footfalls of the Warriors became muffled and quiet as his magic worked its spell.

Thus silenced, the four Warriors approached the cave, Galahern hanging back with an arrow notched to his bow, Kragan the Barbarian unsheathed his mighty sword and stepped into the opening, sniffing the air for the tell-tale scent of Ores. The dying embers of a fire still glowed in the fissure, revealing a single stout door, nearly concealed by animal skins hung from the far wall. The door was locked, an Orc Rune of Warning branded into the ancient wood. Grumli Grunnson, the Dwarf Warrior, ignored the foul sign and had the lock open in a few seconds...
