
Orcs are brutal, green-skinned creatures that live in the wastelands and mountains of the Warhammer World. They are slightly taller than men, as well as being broad and very well-muscled. Their physical prowess is not matched by their intellect however, as Orcs are not very intelligent, though they do have a certain low cunning. They are warlike and aggressive creatures, and their size and strength make them excellent fighters.

Goblins are smaller relatives of the Orcs, and the two races often cooperate with each other. Though not as strong as Orcs, Goblins are more intelligent, and less inclined to squabble among themselves Goblins dislike the sunlight, and tend to live in squalid tunnels and caves burrowed under the hills and mountains.. 

Night Goblins live in the caves and tunnels beneath the Worlds Edge Mountains. They have grown so accustomed to living in the dark that when they venture above ground they have to shield themselves from the sunlight by wearing hooded cloaks. 

Giant spiders are a common danger in the lost places under the ground. They leap out of the  shadows onto their prey, biting them with their venomous fangs then mobilising them with their sticky webs.

Snotlings are the tiniest of the green-skinned races. They have only a rudimentary intelligence, but can wield simple weapons such as wooden clubs. Snotlings are cowardly creatures, and attack in large packs to try and bring down their foes by sheer force of numbers. 

Skaven are foul mutant ratmen, who can walk on their hind legs in the manner of men. They are highly intelligent, but utterly evil. Skaven continually plot to bring about the destruction of human civilisation. They live underground, and their foul tunnels traverse the length and breadth of the Old World. 

Giant rats, swollen with disease, prowl the empty tunnels and abandoned passageways in large packs. Maddened by hunger, they throw themselves at their prey in a frenzy of snapping teeth and slashing claws.

Flocks of giant bats huddle on the roofs of musty caves, waiting for a chance to swoop down onto their prey. The sound of their high-pitched chittering and flap of their heavy leathery wings strike terror into their victims.

Minotaurs are huge, bestial creatures that live in the wildest places of the Warhammer World. They are immensely strong, and can inflict terrible wounds with their massive axes. Minotaurs are not very bright, but they are incredibly savage and attack ferociously in combat. A single Minotaur is a dangerous opponent, but they sometimes hunt in groups of two or three!

